The enameled wire industry has a long history of development. It can be traced back to Faraday's electromagnetic induction experiment in 1831. At that time, enameled wire was used for the first time to make electromagnetic induction coils. Then Siemens and Edison successively invented motors, lamps and transformers. The invention of the transformer solved the problem of electric power transportation, and the application of enameled wire began.

The transformation period of enameled wire began with the second industrial revolution, during which catalytic combustion technology and mold painting technology were invented. After World War II, with the rise of the American economy, the development of the enameled wire industry has been greatly promoted, making enameled wire varieties, production and operation scale, Manufacturing technology has been improved. During this period, the first generation of enameled wire leaders, such as Essex in the United States, Philip Dodge, and Alcatel in France, were born, leading the development of the world's enameled wire industry.

In the 1960s, the rise of Japan's industrial economy led to a new round of development in the enameled wire industry, which led to a new round of technological advancement in the enameled wire industry. Development of composite enameled wires such as refrigerant-resistant enameled wires and high-temperature enameled wires. During this period, the second-generation enameled wire leader companies were formed, mainly Japan's Daiichi Electric, Japan's Sumitomo, Hitachi Electric Wire, South Korea's LG, etc., leading the development of the world's high-end enameled wire.

After the 21st century, the world economic structure has changed, and China's economy has risen. Especially after China's entry into the WTO, China's economy has grown rapidly and has become a world manufacturing base, which has led to a substantial increase in the demand for enameled wire. The largest country in production and consumption, and foreign well-known enterprises have set up manufacturing bases in China, bringing advanced production technology and providing a good international environment for the development of my country's enameled wire.
