This article studies the sales volume and sales revenue of round enameled wire in the global market, major regions and major countries, and also focuses on the analysis of the competition situation of major manufacturers (brands) around the world, the sales volume, price, revenue and market share of round enameled wire.

According to the historical situation in the past five years (2017-2021), the overall scale of global circular enameled wire, the scale of major regions, the scale and share of major enterprises, the scale of major product categories, and the scale of major downstream applications in the past few years are analyzed. The sizing analysis includes volume, price, revenue, and market share, among others. In view of the development prospects of round enameled wire in the next few years, this paper predicts that to 2028, it mainly includes the forecast of global and major regional sales and revenue, the forecast of classified sales and revenue, and the sales and revenue forecast of main application of round enameled wire, etc.

According to the research of 168 Report Network, in terms of revenue, the global circular enameled wire revenue in 2021 will be about one million US dollars, and it is expected to reach one million US dollars in 2028. During the period from 2022 to 2028, the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) is %. At the same time, the global sales of circular enameled wires in 2020 will be approximately, and it is expected to reach 2028. In 2021, the market size of China will be about US$ million, accounting for about % of the global market, while the North American and European markets will account for % and %, respectively. In the next few years, the CAGR of China will be %, while the CAGR of the United States and Europe will be % and %, respectively. The Asia-Pacific region will play a more important role. In addition to China, the United States and Europe, Japan, South Korea, India and Southeast Asia will still play an important role that cannot be ignored. market.

Major circular enameled wire manufacturers in the global market include Dahrén (Liljedahl Group), Hi-Wire (Superior Essex), Essex Furukawa, Precision Wires India Limited (PWIL) and Sam Dong, etc. In terms of revenue, the top four global manufacturers will occupy approximately % market share.

In terms of product type, copper conductors occupy an important position, with a market share of % in 2021 and expected to reach 5% in 2028. At the same time, in terms of application, the share of electric motors in 2028 will be about %, and the CAGR will be about % in the next few years.
