1. More variety of products: As the demand of the downstream industry of magnet wire becomes more diversified, as well as the product upgrade and technology update of the downstream industry, it will bring new product demand in the magnet wire industry, making the variety more abundant. With the improvement of insulating materials and the development of new products, the range of thermal grades has been expanded, and the varieties of the same thermal grade have increased to meet the needs of different industries.

2. Intensified industry integration and large-scale development: At present, there are many magnet wire manufacturers in my country, and their production capacity ranges from more than 1,000 tons to 100,000 tons per year. Among them, aluminum-based magnet wire manufacturers have a production capacity of more than 10,000 tons. And the homogeneity of its products is more serious, which makes the competition in the electromagnetic wire industry more sufficient. With the slowdown of my country's economic growth, intensified competition in the electromagnetic wire industry, rising labor costs and higher requirements for environmental protection, small and medium-sized enterprises in the industry will face greater operating pressure. At the same time, because this industry is a capital-intensive industry, it has high capital requirements and has economies of scale. Therefore, the market share of large-scale electromagnetic wire manufacturers will further increase in the future, and the market concentration will increase accordingly.
