Enameled wire welding and paint stripping

The first one: The paint stripping method of aluminum enameled wire is of course scraping the paint with a blade. The wire has not become brittle, but the efficiency is too low, and it is only suitable for the stripping of large wires, and the wire with a diameter of less than 0.5mm is not suitable, because the thin wire is very easy to be scratched, and it is constantly damaged by the scraper, and the toughness is greatly changed. Poor, not suitable for large-scale operations, in addition, after the aluminum enameled wire is scraped, the surface will have burrs, which is not conducive to welding.


The second type: paint stripping of aluminum enameled wire, let's talk about centrifugal knife, this is said to be a kind of paint stripping equipment first introduced in Germany, it uses 3 high-speed rotating knives to peel off the paint of aluminum enameled wire directly, the efficiency is good . This paint stripping method is the same as hand scraping paint, and it is only suitable for stripping paint of large lines. We all know that the physical properties of aluminum are soft and poor in toughness. It is only half that of copper. When using a centrifugal knife, it is easy to be twisted into a rope and broken directly. If the diameter of the aluminum enameled wire you use is 1.5 Below MM, the centrifugal knife is not suitable for you. Even if it is not directly broken, it will be twisted almost ten times. If you use aluminum enameled wire with a smaller diameter, basically don't consider this kind of removal. The paint removal method is not suitable for most motor manufacturers, because the diameter of the aluminum enameled wires used by motor manufacturers is relatively small. In addition, the centrifugal knife will also peel off a layer of aluminum wire when stripping the paint, and the diameter of the aluminum enameled wire will generally become smaller by dozens of wires or larger. This method may not be used for customers with higher requirements.


The third type: the grinding wheel of the aluminum enameled wire, whether you use a steel wire wheel or a fiber wheel, during the process of the paint on the aluminum enameled wire being worn off, the temperature of the aluminum wire will increase rapidly with the high-speed friction, accompanied by With the high-speed air flow, the surface of the aluminum wire is rapidly oxidized, and it is difficult to handle after being oxidized. In addition, due to the different materials of the grinding wheels, generally speaking, the aluminum enameled wire polished by the steel wire wheel turns yellow, and the aluminum enameled wire polished by the fiber wheel turns gray or black. It is not the silvery white of aluminum itself. After the thick wire is ground by the grinding wheel, the degree of oxidation is small, and the silvery white can still be seen. So, if the wire your company is using now is relatively thick, you can choose this method, if it is a thin wire, this method is not suitable.


Fourth: The paint stripping method of aluminum enameled wire is to use paint stripper. I believe many people have used this product. I also believe that many people can't stand its paint stripping efficiency for a long time. The speed of stripping 130 lines is acceptable. , in about a minute, you have to wait for the 150 line, you have to wait hard for the 180 line, and you don't have to wait for the 220 line, this product is more harmful to the aluminum of the aluminum enameled wire Small, in general, it is a better way to use paint stripping powder to strip paint. Many factories make special molds, and a large number of aluminum enameled wires soaked in paint stripper are placed on a fixed shelf to wait for the paint stripper to react, and the efficiency is OK. . But for high-temperature lines, the paint stripping of various manufacturers is basically useless now, and the paint will not come off no matter how long it takes, so this method is not suitable for high-temperature lines. In addition, by the way, paint strippers are generally alkaline, aluminum is an amphoteric metal, acid can corrode it, and alkali can also, so remind friends who are using paint strippers now to use after you have finished stripping paint Be sure to rinse with clean water (or alcohol) (preferably using an ultrasonic cleaning machine). The paint remover is easier to dissolve in water or alcohol. Just rinse it a little. Be careful that your solder joint is corroded by the paint remover.
